com/java/jungle/model/Cart.java
 com.java.jungle.model.Cart
com/java/jungle/config/PartsConfigController.java
 com.java.jungle.config.PartsConfigController
com/java/jungle/model/dto/CustomerView.java
 com.java.jungle.model.dto.CustomerView
com/java/jungle/resource/UsersResource.java
 com.java.jungle.resource.UsersResource
com/java/jungle/controllers/ReceivingDeskController.java
 com.java.jungle.controllers.ReceivingDeskController
com/java/jungle/repository/DB2/db2Repository.java
 com.java.jungle.repository.DB2.db2Repository
com/java/jungle/repository/Parts/PartsRepository.java
 com.java.jungle.repository.Parts.PartsRepository
com/java/jungle/repository/Parts/InventoryRepository.java
 com.java.jungle.repository.Parts.InventoryRepository
com/java/jungle/repository/Parts/TaxesRepository.java
 com.java.jungle.repository.Parts.TaxesRepository
com/java/jungle/config/Db2ConfigController.java
 com.java.jungle.config.Db2ConfigController
com/java/jungle/model/Inventory.java
 com.java.jungle.model.Inventory
com/java/jungle/controllers/CustomerController.java
 com.java.jungle.controllers.CustomerController
com/java/jungle/model/Taxes.java
 com.java.jungle.model.Taxes
com/java/jungle/service/Db2Service.java
 com.java.jungle.service.Db2Service
com/java/jungle/controllers/AdminController.java
 com.java.jungle.controllers.AdminController
com/java/jungle/model/db2Entity.java
 com.java.jungle.model.db2Entity
com/java/jungle/repository/Parts/CartRepository.java
 com.java.jungle.repository.Parts.CartRepository
com/java/jungle/service/CustomerService.java
 com.java.jungle.service.CustomerService
com/java/jungle/JungleApplication.java
 com.java.jungle.JungleApplication
com/java/jungle/service/PartsService.java
 com.java.jungle.service.PartsService
com/java/jungle/model/Parts.java
 com.java.jungle.model.Parts
com/java/jungle/model/Orders.java
 com.java.jungle.model.Orders
com/java/jungle/repository/Parts/OrdersRepository.java
 com.java.jungle.repository.Parts.OrdersRepository
com/java/jungle/service/OrdersService.java
 com.java.jungle.service.OrdersService
com/java/jungle/controllers/WorkStationController.java
 com.java.jungle.controllers.WorkStationController
